I wanted to planned most of the logic of the mechanism of the game through list manipulation due to how easily it 
could be manipulate by me. For draw_box and quit_button, these were fairly straight forward. I took some liberty of
my own to pick my own color theme. Watching the demo video, the requirement were that the popup for name would pop up first
followed by what kind of card game mode the user want. The design between these two were fairly similar with some more
defensive coding for the card game mode. I wanted to keep asking until the player put in the right input which were 3 options
so a while loop seem appropiate. Only when building the leaderboard I would figure this out but I had to get the name
pop up to return the user name into a global variable so I can acess it later for the leaderboard. 

What I did next was create the turtle to represent the cards and set all their front face card shape and coordinate. 
This is when I saw some challenges, with the onclick function since it only take one arguement. I saw how complicated
this was going to be. Seeing this I had to create another function to run when the player click on the card. At first it was 
trying to figure out how to change the shape of the card to another shape. Once I figure that out, I saw that I somehow need to randomize 
card selection. To me I needed randomize the selection of the type of card, next I need to randomize the position of the card. 
Seeing how I design the card into specific position already, I added more input to the function that would decide what the card 
turn into once the user clicked on it. By creating a bunch of random number into a list within the index of the game mode, I could 
assign specific index of this list onto the list that contain card value. 

Designing the method in which the game "remember" the value of the card involved more list, I know I had to find a way to compare values. 
This gave me flashbacks to the pokemon hw where I essentially build by using a ton of if statements, which was how I build it here. I also knew
that we had to keep track of points, turns, guess. Admittedly I forgot about the guess until rewatching the video later on, so I build a way to 
calculate points and guesses first just by adding digits to a list and getting the len of that list. So later when I saw the requirement of guess
I builded a function to use what I already have which was the turn counter. 

Within the turn card function, I would later build my leaderboard within it too which was very not ideal for me. Hindsight I would have not put that 
much into this function or found a different way on how to track when the player when and build a if statement of that. So this was the hardest part of 
project for me was building/sorting the leaderboard. As I was designing here, I came up with a game plan. Load some txt file if exist into a list, 
then base of that list create a viewable leaderboard by using a forloop. When player win, there result would be added to the list and using the sort() ability
since the score value was identify as int type it could be sorted to how I wanted. The tricky part for me was figuring how to rewrite the list into the txt file. 

In term of behind the scene, I felt like a lot of my work is very ineffecient and unorganized. Luckily we are not graded on that so I didn't had to be as careful in planning. 
I had a rough idea of planning on focusing on building small elements block by block and trying to focus them into individual functions. But once they start to communnicate to each other
that was where I felt like things got sloppy. 

Thank you for reading this 
Huy(Johnny) Vuong